Removed unsupported versions from database products (#5764)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/epas/11/uninstalling/linux_uninstall.mdx

Where `package_name` is the name of the package that you would like to remove.

You can use the `dnf remove` command to remove a package installed by `dnf`. To remove a package, open a terminal window, assume superuser privileges, and enter the command:

```text
dnf remove <package_name>
```

Where `package_name` is the name of the package that you would like to remove.

> `rpm` doesn't remove a package that is required by another package. If you attempt to remove a package that satisfies a package dependency, `rpm' provides a warning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`rpm` doesn't remove a package that another package requires. If you attempt to remove a package that satisfies a package dependency, `rpm` provides a warning.
```
